The reason I immigrated here
was to earn more money and more freedom,
but my life was only work and sleep.
I once thought,
‘This is not the reason I came here;
this is not the life I wanted.’
But what could I do?
The life that I was pursuing
did not bring me true happiness.
My husband’s sister
started taking me along to the meetings.
The brothers and sisters there
were very welcoming to me.
My wife started studying the Bible first.
I saw her becoming
happier and happier studying the Bible,
and this motivated me to start studying
the Bible with her Bible teacher.
She lived far away,
but she was never late.
She was like a mother
and cared for us like her children.
In our studies,
we were making huge progress.
But we didn’t expect
the huge challenge that lay ahead.
When my youngest daughter was born,
the doctor told us
she had congenital heart disease.
She needed immediate surgery.
When we were facing this challenge,
the brothers and sisters
were right by our side
continually assisting us,
helping us to find a doctor,
and interpreting for us,
even though we were not yet baptized.
On the day of the surgery,
a congregation elder and his wife
drove to pick us up
and brought us to the hospital.
They also stayed by our side
until the surgery was done.
A couple came to the hospital
and brought us food.
Another sister helped
to care for my older daughter.
We really could feel
that the brothers and sisters
really loved us, just like family.
My wife and I,
along with our two daughters,
are very happy to be worshipping Jehovah.
I realized that the love shown to me
by the brothers and sisters
was in imitation of Jehovah.
It really helped me to see
that this is truly his organization.
This is the life
that we had been searching for.